Allowed passing customized icon for completed steps in `Stepper` (#2345)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/curly-bikes-protect.md

---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': minor
---

> `Stepper` now allows users to pass in custom icon or content in each step circle to indicate step completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Stepper` now allows passing custom icon or content in each step circle to indicate step completion. This can be done by using a `stepContent` property in each item of the `steps` array.
```

Author: I have made the change.
